Enhance Microsoft Word Comment Command: Press Twice to Present Comment Content in Browsable message. (#16800)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

<!-- KC:beginInclude -->

> To report any comments at the current caret position, press NVDA+alt+c.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report any comments at the current caret position, press `NVDA+alt+c`.
```

> Pressing twice shows the information in a window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pressing twice shows the information in a browsable message.
```
